I would like to quickly suggest several companion courses that can enhance or
augment your requirements development skills and capabilities.
All of these will help you be a better business analyst.
Everything we talked about in this entire course has an
underpinning and requirement for strong and dynamic
leadership and communication skills.
So check out the course,
Leadership and Communication Skills for Software Engineers.
You won't regret it.
The course Developing Effective Agile Sprint Plans will give you
insight into agile and sprint planning that you need to help you
better partner with your agile teams.
In addition,
it will help you apply agile techniques to your
process of requirements development.
The course Kanban for Agile Scrum Practitioners will give you the
insight into the beauty of Kanban that you need to help you
better partner with your Kanban teams.
In addition,
the Kanban techniques will help your process of requirements development.
Also,
I strongly recommend that the business analysts should at least be
knowledgeable in traditional project management.
There are some best practices that have worked well for many years,
and many companies are still following the traditional approach.
Also,
I've seen that many companies are doing a sort of blend of the two approaches,
Agile and traditional.
So if you have to learn more about traditional project management,
you might want to check out this course,
Project Management for Software Engineers.
All business analysts need to know how to make better estimates. You might want to consider this course, Best Practices for Project Estimation.